fix(docs): Update guides for traefik & nginx (#33187)
truecharts/charts: website/src/content/docs/guides/ingress/traefik.md

## Setup

> For Traefik you will need to install the upstream traefik chart.
> Traefik does not differentiate between internal and external. So you need to either setup an IP-Whitelist or use tunneling to limit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Traefik you will need to install the upstream traefik chart.
Our advised solution for Traefik is to nót differentiate between internal and external. Instead we advice using an IP-Whitelist or use tunneling to limit
```
